---
layout: post
title: "Early Job History"
author: "Ross Lancaster"
categories: sample
tags: [sample]
image: early.JPG
---

# Calculus Tutor
## Company: Zinkerz
### April 2018- August 2018

As a calculus tutor I was tasked with teaching AP Calculus and precalculus to students in Panama. Class was conducted online and involved one on one instruction between myself and the students. I was assigned five main students who I would teach multiple hours a week and for whom I developed individual learning plans and lessons. This allowed for each student to learn at their own pace and to focus on the areas that they struggled with. All of my calculus students received top marks on the AP Calculus exam and my precalculus students were all deemed ready to take the AP Calculus course the following year. I also received high marks on all of my student feedback surveys. Overall, this was a great experience that allowed me to further my teaching and interpersonal skills and help students in underserved areas achieve great academic success. 

# Cashier 
## Company: Five Guys Burgers and Fries
### May 2017- August 2017

As a cashier I was responsible for taking all customer orders as well as maintaing order and cleanliness in the dining room and bathroom. I was the first point of contact for all customers and was tasked with greeting everyone and making them feel welcome. At the same time I had to juggle keeping the entire dining room clean and stocked. This was a great role for expanding on my customer service and time management skills as well as providing me with experience in a fast-paced team-based environment. I was also a two-time undefeated large fry selling contest champion. 

# Shopper
## Company: Peapod by Stop and Shop
### June 2016- September 2016

As a shopper I was tasked with shopping and packing grocery orders for delivery. Above the main grocery store was another condensed grocery store where shoppers would go through to shop and pack orders. Shoppers had their timeliness and accuracy evaluated for each order and within the first few weeks of starting the position I was consistenly finishing amongst the top three shoppers of the shift. This role taught me how to work quickly and effectively under a time constraint as well as how to pick out the freshest piece of every kind of produce. 
